spring split finals last year was so
much fun actually there was this
hilarious thing that happened where my
passport was at a passport agency
because I was going to Brazil for MSI
just a couple weeks later so in order to
get to Vancouver I had to fly into
Seattle and thankfully because my good
friend doublelift was taking spring
split off and living in Seattle with his
girlfriend Bonnie he was available for
me to drive across the border with so we
actually went from Seattle to Vancouver
really fun trip and by the way Vancouver
is one of my favorite cities it is so
beautiful the people there are so nice
lots of great friends there and such
good food had so much fun got dinner
with cutie pie that's a pretty fun story
and even the event itself was really
cool you know not only were the games
great but it was neat to see doublelift
on broadcast while I was sitting next to
Bonnie and watching the games his
girlfriend so much fun and there's just
something about these split finals and
NLCS that make me so happy going to
these different events and that's why
for 2018 I can't wait to wear the wait
where the is spring split finals
happening this year so you know normally
in these types of videos I try to sort
of tell both sides of the story right
and events are actually very complicated
admittedly you know you have to figure
the stuff out for riot not only do they
need to find a place where they know
that there's a lot of fans which isn't
always the easiest you know you want to
target like the big places where you
just know a ton of people but also there
are technological concerns that you need
to take into account right you need to
make sure that the venue has the right
internet and can support the broadcast
out to so many hundreds of thousands of
people and has the right set up so that
you can make sure that your computers
are gonna be fine and that there's a
huge screen for people to watch and
there's just so many different factors
that go into creating a large-scale
event and so that's why I understand why
you know back in 2013 it took a while
for them to announce the stuff and then
in 2014 as well 2015 but if you start to
think about it it's kind of ridiculous
because we're now towards the end of
January and by the way I
leave right had already known spring
split finals by this time last year and
where it was gonna be but we're now
towards the end of January that means we
have basically I think less than three
months now before finals rolls around
and we don't know where this is gonna be
and this is a pretty big problem for a
couple different reasons you know one is
the whole LCS is levelled up you know I
think that riots you could say remove
four teams during the offseason because
they now have a higher standard for what
they expect and they brought in partners
that they feel meet that higher standard
and likewise I think it's time for us to
expect that riot needs to hold
themselves to a higher standard I'm not
sure that they're doing that here
because if you look at pretty much every
major event out in the world these types
of entertainment events get announced
much earlier and there's a lot of
different reasons for that right so just
think about concerts right concerts the
tour is often announced while in advance
you know oftentimes you're buying
tickets to something that you don't even
know you're gonna be able to attend
there's a whole joke about buying new
concert tickets with somebody you're
dating because you know you're writing
the risk that you're gonna be dating
them by the time you go to the concert I
like boys sporting events have things
planned out and well well in advance I
mean the Olympics alone are you know
people are bidding on stuff that's not
gonna happen for another decade so
there's just a pretty big precedent here
of events getting announced and planned
and tickets being available well well
well in advance and there's a reason for
that right because these types of things
require not just a lot of coordination
on the company that is throwing them but
it's a huge amount of coordination that
is required on the whole ecosystem that
supports it right so let's just take a
random example let's say that spring
finals is happening again in Boston and
that there's a sponsor that has a
headquarters out in Boston for a team
wouldn't it be nice if now that team and
the sponsor could start planning on
doing something whether or not the team
is making it or not you know that
there's a lot of value that could be
had by the fact that this event is
happening in the same place that the
sponsors headquarters are so just from a
planning and logistics standpoint this
is really tough for people in the
industry you kind of have all these
other people that are depending on your
ability to announce an event so that
everybody can get prepared for it
likewise this is a huge deal for fans I
mean a lot of fans most fans hopefully
have jobs they go to college they have
all these different things that are
going on there in life you need to give
them a really big amount of heads up if
they're going to travel someplace or if
they're gonna clear a weekend if they
already live in that area
you know just there's so many different
factors that come into place for a fan
to be able to attend an event that if
you announce it too late not only are
you risking your ticket sales but you're
also frustrating the fans that really
want to support you you know who knows
when the next time when an event like
this is gonna roll through their
neighborhood and by the way na LCS
spring finals is only the worst offender
at the moment in fact you could even
argue that MSI might be an even worst
offender because that's an international
event like the amount of coordination
that you need to get all these people to
an international event is insane and
while na LCS spring finals is only three
months away MSI is four right I mean how
much of a budget are people don't need
to be able to attend and cover that
event how much are you know what what is
the visa situation for teams that
qualify this is a huge huge undertaking
and we still just don't know about it
and again a lot of people might say
Travis u.s. there are issues here but
maybe it's not as big of an issue as
you're saying it's kind of a little
thing right just announcing this event
obviously the events gonna take place
people can figure out
the problem is if you think about it as
a little thing then it becomes even more
egregious right because if this is just
a little thing announcing it then just
announce it ahead of time I just don't
understand how after all these years you
know we should be in a situation where
riot has planned out well in advance
where they're going to be so that in
November or December after everyone's
cooled off from world so we can find out
where spring finals are gonna be you
know the industry and fans can start
planning for the stuff and right around
the time that there's all this hype
building for the start of the split
tickets can go on sale the people who
get the tickets can be assured that they
have the spot and they now they can
start planning their whole lives around
this by now we should know spring finals
MSI summer finals and Worlds and okay if
we don't know where Allstars is that's
fine anyway I just this is a huge thing
that is frustrating to me I don't know
why this is still an issue and while I
realized that events are complicated
they've done enough at this point in
time that they should be well in advance
able to plan the stuff out and announce
it where would you like to see spring
finals I actually think you know
assuming that they continue on with the
West Coast trend we could see something
cool in Portland OR Seattle Seattle
hasn't hosted anything for a long time
back since you know pax was where League
of Legends stuff happened Salt Lake City
would be really cool actually know
there's a ton of fans that live out
there because we held a yahoo event
there and a ton of people showed up so
I'd love to see that I don't know maybe
no Vegas I don't need Vegas where would
you like to see it please leave a
comment or talk about it on reddit I
don't care but I just want people to be
talking about this and hopefully
hopefully we get the announcement soon
thanks for watching